Add geth version requirements to clef documentation (#2237)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/guides/ethereum_node.rst

Clef enables applications to connect to an ethereum node and send locally signed
transactions to be broadcasted. More

> information about Clef can be found `here <https://geth.ethereum.org/docs/getting-started>`_. Clef can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information about Clef can be found `here <https://geth.ethereum.org/docs/clef/tutorial>`_. Clef can
```

Author: Thanks too much copy and pasting 😅
